what I would love to do today is to
teach you let's look at the first of the
steps now one two three
pointing hip hip one two three four five
we're going to repeat this point one two
three four five from the top one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
one two three four five six one two
three four five six
we are nearly there four more bits to go
very very easy seven eight nine and ten
what I'd like you to do have a look at
this again you bring the knees and the
hips forward you turn and then you do
your shake shake shake so let's try it
to the music here we go one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
what
here we go one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten one two three four
five six
one two three four five one two three
four five gets quite tricky now because
think about what you've got to do we've
got the foot pattern we've got the
interaction and now
you